**Try the following experiments. Write up an informal report on your observations of each. Include screenshots to help demonstrate your observation. This can be passed in as a word, pdf, or google doc.**

**You may do this in partners, or opt to do it alone.**

### Here are the big ideas to keep in mind:

- The machine may not pick up on what you expect it to
- The machine will not explain itself

All of these experiments are to be done with the Teachable Machine.

For each experiment, play with the resulting model. Be creative. Try to trick it. Try to see if there's an unintended pattern.

1) Train classes with images of your face and someone else's face (or your partner's) where you show different expressions. For example, the first class would be partner A’s face making all sorts of expressions and the second class would be partner B’s face making all sorts of expressions. Can the network tell the difference between the two faces? If so, how confident is it?  Note that the program will start training for a class with images from the camera when you press the corresponding button. It will keep training as long as the button is depressed. If you are not in the same room, take a bunch of pictures of yourself and send them to your partner.

2) Try training on various inanimate objects or even photos on your phone that you hold up in front of the computer camera.

3) Train two different classes with the same image set (for example, your face in a fixed expression).

4) Train one class on two people with expression A and another class on two people with expression B. Does the network end up learning the difference between the two faces, or the difference between the two expressions? Or is it just confused (i.e., wrong, or not very confident)?

5) Try a similar experiment, training class 1 as person A’s face close up and class 2 as person B’s face far away. Now move your faces closer/farther. How does the network behave? What happens to the network’s performance and confidence if you add a third class with person B’s face close up?

6) Read the Russian tank parable [Machine learning and unintended consequences](http://lesswrong.com/lw/7qz/machine_learning_and_unintended_consequences/). Create some examples that illustrate this phenomenon. Some of the face examples above may already illustrate this, but make other examples.